# Week 1 – Excel, Tableau, PowerBI

This first week serve as an introduction to data processing. We will explore approaches to big datasets and practice visualizations using a few different tools. Don't worry if you don't have any experience using any of these; it's a lot simpler than it seems! 

## Dataset


The data we are using is Store data, which includes a variety of information on the purchases made by customers. 
There is additional data on customer returns (Returns.csv) and the customers themselves (Users.csv). We won't use these this first week but they're included here anyway!

The variables are as follows:
* Order ID - A unique identifier for each order.
* Customer ID - A unique identifier for each customer.
* Order Date - The date of the order placement.
* Ship Date - The date the order was shipped.
* Ship Mode - The shipping mode for the order (e.g. standard, same-day).
* Segment - The customer segment (e.g. Consumer, Corporate, Home Office).
* Region - The region where the customer is located (e.g. West, Central, East).
* Category - The category of the product purchased (e.g. Furniture, Technology, Office Supplies).
* Sub-Category - The sub-category of the product purchased (e.g. Chairs, Desktops, Paper).
* Product Name - The name of the product purchased.
* Sales - The sales revenue for the product purchased.
* Quantity - The number of units of the product purchased.
* Discount - The discount applied to the product purchased.
* Profit -The profit generated by the product purchased.

## Tools
We have instructions on using all of the tools in the following doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOZRdpMChACJyvzYPlcxHKkF-MKTtngLxRCy414tS4g/edit?usp=sharing
